Remove old .service file and update COMPILING.md (#2009)
jamulussoftware/jamulus: COMPILING.md

sudo make install # optional
```

> To control the server with systemd, see this [unit file example](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/blob/master/distributions/debian/jamulus-headless.service). See also runtime [configuration options](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Command-Line-Options), and [this information](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Tips-Tricks-More#controlling-recordings-on-linux-headless-servers) on controlling recordings on headless servers.

Reviewer: The info in those two other URLs has been folded into the Server Manual as of the next website release. So should we say this?

```suggestion
To control the server with systemd, see this [unit file example](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/blob/master/distributions/debian/jamulus-headless.service). See also runtime [configuration options](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Running-a-Server.md#command-line-options), and [this manual](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Server-Linux).
```

Author: Sure
